#Quotes related to Recovery

Your worst battle is between what you know and what you feel.

It is always good to keep an ear open for a friend in need. You may be the only person they can talk to for help

I think the only reason people hold onto memories so tight is because memories are the only things that dont change when everybody else does

Imperfection is beauty. Madness is genius and it is better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring

Do you ever think about shit you did in the past and just go   why   did nobody punch me in the face

Sometimes life doesn't give you something you want, not because you don't deserve it, but because you deserve more.

Don’t change so people will like you. Be yourself and the right people will love the real you.

I don't look for reasons to drink, they find me.

The people who actually go through shit, don’t go around telling people about it.

There's a story behind every person. There's a reason why they're the way they are. Think about that before you judge someone.

You are never too young to learn or too old to change.

Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future

There is no love without forgiveness and there is no forgiveness without love.

Forget your past, forgive yourself, and begin again.

Love what you have before life teaches you to love what you've lost.

When we let go we are free.

I don’t want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.

A person needs just three things to be truly happy in the world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.

If we can't surrender then we both are going to lose

But every problem is gone because  I flew everywhere with love inside of me   It's unbelievable to see     How love could set me free

People will love you. People will hate you. And none of it will have anything to do with you.

Don’t depend too much on anyone in this world because even your own shadow leaves you when you are in darkness.

The worst lies are the lies we tell ourselves

Never miss an opportunity to tell someone how much they mean to you.
